ALEC-227: ALEC docs: update installation section (#101)
OpenNMS/alec: docs/modules/install/pages/basic_install.adoc

= Basic Installation

> :imagesdir: ../assets/images

Reviewer: ```suggestion

:imagesdir: ../assets/images
= Basic Installation
```

> This section describes a basic installation where we run ALEC as another service within the OpenNMS core:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section describes a basic installation, where ALEC runs as another service within the OpenNMS core instance:
```

> image::basic_deployment.png[basic ALEC installation,400]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Example basic installation network architecture graph
image::basic_deployment.png[Network architecture graph that displays a basic installation of ALEC, 400]
```

== Before you begin

Make sure you complete the xref:pre_install.adoc[pre-installation tasks] before proceeding with the basic installation.

> == Install ALEC

Reviewer: I'd like to figure out how to use the tabbed blocks for these instructions, like we do in the core docs.

:imagesdir: ../assets/images
= Basic Installation

This section describes a basic installation, where ALEC runs as another service within the OpenNMS core instance:

.Example basic installation network architecture graph
image::basic_deployment.png[Network architecture graph that displays a basic installation of ALEC, 400]

== Before you begin

> Make sure you complete the xref:pre_install.adoc[pre-installation tasks] before proceeding with the basic installation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must complete the xref:install:pre_install.adoc[pre-installation tasks] before proceeding with the installation.
```
